core: add support for hiding applications from the user dashboard (#21530)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/add-secure-apps/applications/manage_apps.mdx

## Hide applications

> To hide an application without modifying its policy settings or removing it, enable the _Hide from user dashboard_ toggle on the application. The application will no longer appear on the **My applications** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To hide an application without modifying its policy settings or removing it, you can use the **Hide from user dashboard** option on the application. The application will no longer appear on the **My applications** page.
```

Keep in mind that users still have access, so they can still authorize access when the login process is started from the application.

:::info
In earlier versions, hiding an application was done by setting the _Launch URL_ to `blank://blank`. Existing applications using that value are migrated automatically to the _Hide from user dashboard_ toggle on upgrade.
:::

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Hiding application before 2026.5
Before authentik 2026.5, an application was hidden by setting its **Launch URL** to `blank://blank`. Existing applications using that value are automatically migrated to using the **Hide from user dashboard** option upon upgrading.
:::
```

## Hide applications

> To hide an application without modifying its policy settings or removing it, you can use the **Hide from user dashboard** option on the application. The application will no longer appear on the **My applications** page.

Reviewer 2: so uh the page is called User interface and the apps are shown on the My applications page of said interface https://docs.goauthentik.io/users-sources/user/user-interface/

Reviewer 2: For exact wording and clarifications: https://docs.goauthentik.io/users-sources/user/user-interface/#access-the-user-interface if it's not too complicated, can we rename the UI label as well?

Author: 👍  renamed in https://github.com/goauthentik/authentik/pull/21530/changes/c85a6ad5296c837fa16023fca27ccaa885aa15db

Keep in mind that users still have access, so they can still authorize access when the login process is started from the application.

:::info

> In earlier versions, hiding an application was done by setting the _Launch URL_ to `blank://blank`. Existing applications using that value are migrated automatically to the _Hide from user dashboard_ toggle on upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In earlier versions, hiding an application was done by setting the **Launch URL** to `blank://blank`. Existing applications using that value are migrated automatically to the **Hide from user dashboard** toggle on upgrade.
```

bold as field in UI

:::

> :::info Hiding application before 2026.5

Reviewer 2: this feels like a dupe of above
